m
sponsored by today we do not have
sponsors my dear brothers
we are all together today to talk
about the root word that has not
taken restraint in removing the new patch
4.14 this patch is important but
not as big as the past we lose the
calm down and let's see what they brought for
us the gentlemen of radio in this
country
do not forget to mention that this patch is very
it's probably with the one who plays the
world Championship
wow can you knock on the door or do not know a
whatsapp reuben I go there or something
with those positions I'm going to go back
diabetic hearing but you're right
this patch will be the one with which the
worldwide and also in this same patch
come out
so prepare those points
ok influence now yes we start
remember cold co2 ligo where
this spawn of evil appeared in this
bright book we talk about some
changes in bleachers house of our
champions who were in pd and then I
it hurts in the soul to say that the path that
to leave if I arrive at what has been
as our main client the change
is that they do not can use
so lightly his ere as the time
that it will take to perform the
accumulations of mana cost will be
in specific 20 seconds if I want
know why they are doing this here
I recommend you go see this video that
is showing up sensually here
thank you from me has some changes of
launching of spam soccer was
unstoppable no longer stops when impacting
an enemy and they also changed the
recommended objects our magician now
walk slower and damage mexico
additional his last one decreased a
considerable percentage and it also looks
more disgusting
because the truth goes up it looks like a
true vomit the sleeve and its double or
they do less magic damage in relation to the
maximum life and its power rate of
skill decreased a little and the
vengeful tornado
it can only last ten seconds we go to
talk about morgan I'm sorry I can not
avoid feeling happy to extend
cold is a headache as a support
the black shield is to say his ability to
she does not give so much shield
especially in the first levels and
like the damage of his ultimate and
shackles of the soul because it does not do so much
damage leaving us to a love earns very
balanced
you do not say
in is nothing impartial but what would happen if
born naturais kings is super
deviated would be enough to leave do not get
with more let's not continue we now have
less basic attack you know by that
of his passive hits horrible in the
first levels avenge is a little
rusty and now the rivals will be
notified of his presence when
activate your ultimate wherever you are in
1250 units of Alicante and also the
Stability implement is higher
it's time to get it deadly because it's
now help collisions after using your
mark of death or blue ti and
also now it seems behind them that
was that there is no doubt that you represent
my subscribers good what I wanted
to say is that now it appears behind the
objective and not forward so it 's time
to take care of that rearguard to finish
in minor changes there is a better motor of
audio that will eliminate approximately 700
megabytes of space on your hard drive that
may use for support
and of course I was not going to say that they can
use for your laptop in case
have one you know the doors have
less space this mother's youth today
mine we put that for today has been everything
brothers I would talk more with
you but I must be the top 5 of this
week and a very wild video that many
have wanted to see for almost half
year remember to see
we'll see how much they know it basic and
here the farewell remember to give you the
free and follow me on facebook and
subscribe the video and share in the
comments
I'm ok by email kansas tarcos
my name then the master see you
until next time
there he forgot the song he said it with
this song that we like already is
flame game over and it's from when the flux
see you soon
very well
in my mind